this is 14 month old Moya a baby
elephant that lives here at wildest life
or you can have a little sense and a
rescue center founded by Roxy danckwerts
Roxy's been helping sick and orphaned
animals for nearly 20 years she's
rescued and rehabilitated many different
species from African cats to primates
and birds but Moya is her biggest
challenge yet on the veranda of the
house at the moment and boy is this
having a little quiet quiet moment this
is his favorite sofa but he's getting a
little bit big for it now I think it
might break soon Moya came here when he
was just a few days old thought to have
been washed away whilst trying to cross
a flooded river with his herd he nearly
drowned luckily he was found by Rangers
and brought to Roxy she's become Moya's
surrogate mother and he follows her
everywhere yeah he's very inquisitive so
he's described a tea bag and he doesn't
like it no doesn't like that at all oh
it's just um
on my floor but for most animals it's a
little puddle this is a very very big
puddle so um yeah us the Wiis quite got
it quite big too simple
come little more come on let's go
it was not a good place for a Minnesota
company
he's now outgrown the house but old
habits die hard
in the beginning I used to make milk no
he was milk in the kitchen so he used to
follow me in here always found the salt
and so he's quite used to the kitchen
strawberry now you wanna say oh it's a
chocolate brownies come on these are not
good for you all of these and he knows
he's being naughty another boy come on
let's go we'll come on he loves silver
it's really interesting talk about an
elephant with his silver spoon in his
mouth
yeah you can bring your spoon top let's
go John come on come on y'all good boy
come on